CHAPTER 13. Images.

Cpdf.startGetImageResolution(Cpdf.Pdf, Double)


Gets image data, including resolution at all points of use. Call
startGetImageResolution(pdf, min_required_resolution) will begin the
process of obtaining data on all image uses below min_required_resolution, 
returning the total number. So, to return all image uses, specify a very
high min_required_resolution. Then, call the other functions giving a
serial number 0..n - 1, to retrieve the data. Finally, call
endGetImageResolution to clean up.


Cpdf.getImageResolutionPageNumber(Int32)


Gets image data, including resolution at all points of use. Call
startGetImageResolution(pdf, min_required_resolution) will begin the
process of obtaining data on all image uses below min_required_resolution, 
returning the total number. So, to return all image uses, specify a very
high min_required_resolution. Then, call the other functions giving a
serial number 0..n - 1, to retrieve the data. Finally, call
endGetImageResolution to clean up.


Cpdf.getImageResolutionImageName(Int32)


Gets image data, including resolution at all points of use. Call
startGetImageResolution(pdf, min_required_resolution) will begin the
process of obtaining data on all image uses below min_required_resolution, 
returning the total number. So, to return all image uses, specify a very
high min_required_resolution. Then, call the other functions giving a
serial number 0..n - 1, to retrieve the data. Finally, call
endGetImageResolution to clean up.


Cpdf.getImageResolutionXPixels(Int32)


Gets image data, including resolution at all points of use. Call
startGetImageResolution(pdf, min_required_resolution) will begin the
process of obtaining data on all image uses below min_required_resolution, 
returning the total number. So, to return all image uses, specify a very
high min_required_resolution. Then, call the other functions giving a
serial number 0..n - 1, to retrieve the data. Finally, call
endGetImageResolution to clean up.


Cpdf.getImageResolutionYPixels(Int32)


Gets image data, including resolution at all points of use. Call
startGetImageResolution(pdf, min_required_resolution) will begin the
process of obtaining data on all image uses below min_required_resolution, 
returning the total number. So, to return all image uses, specify a very
high min_required_resolution. Then, call the other functions giving a
serial number 0..n - 1, to retrieve the data. Finally, call
endGetImageResolution to clean up.


Cpdf.getImageResolutionXRes(Int32)


Gets image data, including resolution at all points of use. Call
startGetImageResolution(pdf, min_required_resolution) will begin the
process of obtaining data on all image uses below min_required_resolution, 
returning the total number. So, to return all image uses, specify a very
high min_required_resolution. Then, call the other functions giving a
serial number 0..n - 1, to retrieve the data. Finally, call
endGetImageResolution to clean up.


Cpdf.getImageResolutionYRes(Int32)


Gets image data, including resolution at all points of use. Call
startGetImageResolution(pdf, min_required_resolution) will begin the
process of obtaining data on all image uses below min_required_resolution, 
returning the total number. So, to return all image uses, specify a very
high min_required_resolution. Then, call the other functions giving a
serial number 0..n - 1, to retrieve the data. Finally, call
endGetImageResolution to clean up.


Cpdf.endGetImageResolution


Gets image data, including resolution at all points of use. Call
startGetImageResolution(pdf, min_required_resolution) will begin the
process of obtaining data on all image uses below min_required_resolution, 
returning the total number. So, to return all image uses, specify a very
high min_required_resolution. Then, call the other functions giving a
serial number 0..n - 1, to retrieve the data. Finally, call
endGetImageResolution to clean up.


Cpdf.dummych14

